Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It is him.
I want what you stole. Machine!
Two? You said one.
You cannot bring both.
Too many questions!
Oh. fuck!
Never tell me what I can do. Ever!
Is there a problem?
Your documents indicate 11 passengers.
But I count 12.
I told you so.
I count 11.
Tell Vanya they are here.
What are you doing here?
What happened to the fucking car?
We need to get on that train!
This is Machine!
If you give Machine vodka.
you have great time.
You cannot park there.
Bring me to Igor.
Yes. sir.
This is the Machine.
I think we need to call the boss.
This guy says he's the Machine.
He looks like the cartoon
on the vodka bottle.
Only fatter. Yeah. with big titties.
Someone is with him.
Volgovitch's daughter.
Go to VIP car.
Enough of this pussy shit!
Please don't.
It's a family heirloom.
Fuck your heirloom.
Hello.
Who the fuck is Keyser Söze?
Igor. have you killed the bear?
Not yet. But this is better!
I find friend. Machine. Real one!
Blessed day for our village!
First you find Machine.
then I find whore!
Enough!
Is this how I raised you?